tctl v1.16 & tctl v2.0.0-beta (#1555)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/tctl/task-queue/describe.md

---
id: describe

> title: tctl taskqueue describe
> sidebar_label: describe
> description: How to describe the poller information of a Task Queue using tctl.
> tags:
>   - tctl
> ---
> 
> Alias: `desc`
> 
> The `tctl taskqueue describe` command describes the poller information of a [Task Queue](/concepts/what-is-a-task-queue).
> 
> `tctl taskqueue describe <modifiers>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: tctl task-queue describe
sidebar_label: describe
description: How to describe the Workers that have recently polled on a Task Queue using tctl.
tags:
  - tctl
---

Alias: `desc`

The `tctl task-queue describe` command describes the poller information of a [Task Queue](/concepts/what-is-a-task-queue).

`tctl task-queue describe <modifiers>`

The Server records the last time a Worker sent a poll request.
Poll requests can last up to a minute, so a `LastAccessTime` less than a minute ago is normal.
If it's over a minute ago, then likely either the Worker is at capacity (all Workflow and Activity slots are full) or it has shut down.
Once it has been 5 minutes since the last poll request, the Worker will no longer appear on the list.
```

The following modifiers are supported and control the behavior of the command.

> Always include required modifiers when executing this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--task-queue` is required.
```

Listing the required modifiers (just one in this case) seems clearer to me.
